Modify rule S2083(Python): Update text to Education Framework structure (APPSEC-200) (#1329)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2083/common/fix/self-validation.adoc

> The universal way to prevent path injection is to validate paths constructed from untrusted data. 

Reviewer: I think this sentence should stay with the "Validation of canonical path" content (see my other comment at the beginning of "How does this work?").

> ==== Validate data yourself

Reviewer: What about "Validation of canonical path"

> ==== Validate data yourself
> 
> The validation should be done as follow:

Author: ```suggestion
==== Validate data yourself

==== Self-validation of canonical paths

If it is not possible to use secure-by-design APIs that do this automatically, validation should be done as follows:
```
